♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase, ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Rubble] "Pups and the Beanstalk."
Ready for another bean, Farmer Yumi!
Right behind you, Rubble.
[clucks]
No, no, Chickaletta!
-[clucks]
-[Yumi giggles]
-[Alex] Fee, fi, fo, fum!
-[clucks]
Look out for Giant Alex,
'cause here I come!
[laughs]
Careful, Giant Alex.
Don't squash the beans.
[giggles]
-Fee, fi, fo, fum!
-[chuckles]
Whew, it sure is hot.
Why don't we take a little break?
Great idea!
[barks] Shovel, away.
Ah, nothing like digging all morning
to get ready for a nice afternoon nap.
[Alex] Fee, fi, fo, fum!
[sighs]
Alex the Giant. [chuckles]
[yawns]
[snoring]
[Marshall] Hey, Rubble, look at me!
[sighs] Marshall, I'm sleeping!
[Marshall barks and laughs]
Whoa!
[gasps] Marshall, climb down! Fast!
Why?
-[Alex] Fee, fi, fo, fum!
-Oh, that's why.
Whoa!
A giant Alex!
Ah!
[chuckles] Thanks, Farmer Yumi.
[giggles] You're welcome.
Fee, fi, fo, fum!
[all gasp]
Look at the cute little farm!
Ooh!
Oops, sorry, Bettina.
Moo!
We have to call Ryder!
[phone rings]
-[beeps]
-Ryder here!
Ryder, we have a giant emergency!
Don't worry, Rubble.
No job is too big. No pup is too small!
This is a real giant emergency! Look!
Neat!
Oops, sorry, Farmer Yumi.
Can you and the PAW Patrol
help out, Ryder?
You weren't kidding!
Still, no job is too big,
not even a giant Alex!
[beeps]
PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
[all] Ryder needs us!
[both bark]
[Alex] Whoa.
[all barking]
Whoa, oh, whoa!
-[all barking]
-Whoa!
[all gasp]
Hi!
Bye!
[elevator bell dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir!
[beeps]
Thanks for racing over, pups.
Fee, fi…
Giant Alex doesn't mean any harm,
but his giant size could cause
a lot of trouble around Adventure Bay.
We have to protect our town
and get Alex back up the beanstalk!
This will take the whole PAW Patrol!
-Let's go!
-Let's do this!
All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll!
-[all barking]
-Whoo-hoo!
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪Go ♪
-Whoa! Ah!
-[all barking]
-♪Go, go, go ♪
-Whoa!
-♪ Marshall! ♪
-[barks]
♪Go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
[barks]
Hey, Rubble,
I'll help you get to your truck!
No, I don't need any help!
[Alex] Good luck with your emergency.
But you're our emergency!
[tires squeal]
[sirens blaring]
Let's split up.
We can cover more ground that way.
Oh, I've been seasick in a boat before,
but never air-sick!
Whoa, gale-force winds!
That was fun!
Chase, megaphone!
[barks] Megaphone!
Hey, Alex, down here!
-Huh?
-Help. Help!
The captain's boat is really fun,
but it's not really a toy.
Could you please set it down, very gently?
Oh, okay!
[Turbot] Whoa!
Ah! Oh!
Whoa!
Hang on, Cap'n Turbot!
[barks] Buoy!
Thanks, Zuma!
[barks]
Ah! Whoo-hoo-hoo!
I'm thirsty.
Oh, boy!
We've never going to get him
back up that beanstalk.
And in commemoration
of this special event,
I've asked my deputy mayor,
Chickaletta, to--
Where is that silly chicken?
I asked her to be here.
-[footsteps approaching]
-Huh? Whoa!
Hi!
-Whoa, look out! It's Giant Alex!
-[all scream]
Yay! Hide and seek!
Fee, fi, fo, fum!
Look out, Mayor Goodway! Here I come!
Found ya!
Oh! Hi, Giant Alex.
Hi, Mayor Goodway.
I know where Chickaletta is.
Let me help you.
Whoa! [chuckles]
Whoo! Ah, incoming!
-Oh!
-[clucks]
Oh! [chuckles]
Thanks, Giant Alex!
Ryder, Alex is walking across Main Street.
We're on it!
Huh?
-[screams]
-[woman] Look out!
Lemonade, yum!
Aw, empty!
Look out!
[Marshall] Whoa!
[horns honk]
[Marshall barks]
Ladder!
Hi, Alex.
[record scratch]
Alex, what are you doing way up there?
Hi, Grandpa! I'm super thirsty.
Have a smoothie!
Mmm!
Thanks, but I'm still kind of thirsty.
Here, have another.
I'm still thirsty!
I better make more, a lot more!
Yay, I love smoothies!
I know how to get Alex up the beanstalk!
Pups, we need fruit
from Yumi's farm for the smoothies.
Lots of it!
Rubble, Rocky, get what you can.
Rubble on the double!
Green means go!
Bye!
Marshall and Chase,
I need the giant lemonade cup
from the middle of Main Street.
Chase is on the case!
[siren blares]
-Hey, that's official police property!
-[imitating a siren]
And my siren
doesn't sound like that at all!
Whoa!
[siren blares]
Hey, wait up!
Sure hope this works.
Go for it, Marshall!
One giant-sized smoothie
coming right up.
[barks] Hose, on!
[sighs] This is the biggest smoothie order
I've ever made!
I had to use 12 blenders!
[laughs]
Hose, off! [barks]
Skye, you're on!
[Skye] This pup's gotta fly!
Choo-choo!
Whoa, Giant Alex, remember!
The train's not a toy!
Choo-choo!
[Skye] Still thirsty, Alex?
How about a delicious berry smoothie?
[engineer] Whoa!
Mmm, yummy.
Wait! A berry smoothie sounds awesome!
Can I have some?
Can I just have one sip, please?
[Ryder] It's working!
[Alex] Wait!
She did it!
[all cheer]
Skye?
I hope she's okay!
[whimpers]
[all cheer]
[giggles]
[loud burp]
[Alex] Excuse me!
That was delicious!
And, pups, thanks for playing with me!
That's okay, Giant Alex!
But next time you're thirsty,
just ask for a smoothie
and we'll bring you one to go!
[Alex] Thanks, PAW Patrol!
Great job, pups!
Giant Alex is back where he belongs.
[all howl]
[laughs]
Oh!
Huh?
Oops, sorry, Rubble.
I was just finishing up watering. [barks]
Wha-- What?
Where's Giant Alex?
He's right there.
Fee, fi, fo, fum!
I'm Giant Alex and here I come!
But he was a real giant!
Ryder, Ryder!
There was a giant beanstalk,
and Alex was a super-huge giant!
And Turbot's boat was flying around!
And you were there, and you were there!
And, and--
Aw, I guess it was just a dream.
No more cheese kibble
before nap time for you, Rubble.
[all laugh]
Glad everything's regular-sized now!
-Fee, fi, fo, fum!
-Don't worry, Rubble.
If you ever have another giant dream,
just snore for help.
[laughs]
[theme song playing]